Update coding page for Wave 5 deployment (#300)
cmu-delphi/delphi-epidata: docs/symptom-survey/coding.md

> have participated before. Completing the survey again will help us understand
> how the situation is changing.

> It also more clearly states that the data may be shared and aggregates publicly
> released:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Wave 5 now clearly states that the data may be shared and aggregates publicly when
released:
```

I'm not entirely sure what you wanted to say here, but the sentence felt choppy.

> The de-identified results of this survey may be used for our future studies or

> > shared with other investigators for their research studies. Results published

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> shared with other investigators for their research. Results published
```
Repeating studies felt redundant.

Author: This text is part of the IRB-approved consent text, so while I agree with your suggestions, I don't think I can change it -- this is what's in Wave 5 and already went out

> > by us and other researchers will be in aggregate and will not identify

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> by us and other researchers will be aggregated and will not identify
```
